Your March 2025 Horoscope for Sagittarius
by Susan Miller

Having a happy home is everyone’s goal, and you seem quite keen to make yours just the way you’ve always wanted it to be. As you enter March, you have five heavenly bodies gathered in Pisces and your home and family sector, which adds up to half of the heavenly bodies in our solar system.

To explain, we have eight planets in our solar system, including Pluto, plus the Sun and the moon, and that equals 10 celestial bodies. Having half the energy of our solar system in one area of your chart (your domestic sector) is a lot of energy to have there. You have the February 27 new moon in Pisces, 10 degrees, the Sun, Mercury, Saturn, and Neptune all together in Pisces. Mars will be unusually friendly to that new moon and the Sun, which will fuel your ability to make changes.

A new moon will always affect you for as much as five months into the future but is especially strong for the seven to 10 days that follow its appearance (in this case, late on February 27).

I am not sure how to read your forecast because the aspects are tricky for your Sun sign. You are a fire sign, and Pisces is a water sign, two elements that are not easily compatible. In early March you may be drawn to your home because you have to fix or change something in your residence or other property you own, rent, or hope to sell, or you might feel you have to leave your home for a break, perhaps because your house has not been a happy place recently due to a concern or event that someone in your family experienced.

Pisces rules the sea, which hints at the likelihood of water damage. Neptune is adding to that because he is orbiting in Pisces (the sign he rules), and he has been in Pisces and your home and family sector for many years. If you have had to deal with water damage, you are working on completing the myriad of things you have to do to bring your property back to normal, not the least of which will be to deal with your renter’s or homeowner’s insurance company.

If your home or your vacation cottage (or other property) has not been your focus, you may have been seeking to solve a conundrum concerning a family member. Neptune can bring confusion or mystery through missing information (or conflicting details).


A new moon, like the one that appeared on February 27, portends an emerging new path that you might like to follow. If you decided to take a distant trip to think and cope with certain events, it is likely because Saturn was in a wide conjunction to the Sun at the time of the new moon, and this suggests there is sadness connected to your home or family. To cope, Sagittarius’s favorite method is to travel, and the farther away, the better. The Sun rules your ninth house of foreign travel, so if you did or will travel this month, you will probably need your passport for entry.

Saturn was also in wide conjunction to the February 27 new moon, and the moon is the natural ruler of your eighth house of other people’s money (Cancer). The eighth house rules taxes, wills, estate planning, inheritance, commissions, estates, insurance payouts, child support, court and divorce settlements, bank loans, financial and valuable gifts, mortgages, profits from a sale of property, and so forth.

As you see, this is money that comes to you outside of your own savings. Mars just went direct on February 23, after having been retrograde in your eighth house since December 6. This is another clue that this area of your life is one you are likely focused on.

As said, the moon rules your eighth house of other people’s money, and the February 27 new moon fell in your house of home. Since Saturn was conjunct that new moon, we have to look at Saturn, too. Saturn naturally rules your second house of earned income, personal savings, and spending. Saturn is transiting your fourth house of home and family now. Suffice to say that money is absolutely on your mind in regard to your home life, but you seem to be facing a few temporary delays before you can move forward and settle everything.

Here is the problem—you will experience a full moon in Leo at 24 degrees, cresting in your ninth house. Straight across the sky in your third house, you have the Sun in Aquarius, 24 degrees. In the middle of this configuration, you have unpredictable Uranus in the wrong place at the wrong time. Uranus will be in Taurus, 23 degrees.

Uranus will send a harsh 90-degree “square”(obstacle or difficulty) to both the Sun and this full moon simultaneously. This would NOT be a good time to travel (avoid February 10 to 17—give a little time prior to this full moon, and allow five days afterward). Nothing will go as planned—in fact, news could be jarring.

Uranus strikes in an unpredictable way, so there is almost nothing you can do to prepare. Uranus is based in your work-a-day assignments house—this is from where your stress is most likely to emanate. A trusted subordinate may suddenly announce a departure, leaving you with a sick feeling that you will have to cover for this person until a new recruit can be hired.

Legal complications might come up in regard to a contract, or a work project could go off the rails and require immediate attention to be put back on track. You will need to stay alert and keep your schedule light at the time of this full moon because you will have to drop everything and care for the problem at hand.

In another way that this full moon could play out, you may have to guard against a loss of computer data. Uranus, the planet instigating these challenges, rules electricity, Wi-Fi, and high tech products, including computers. This full moon could bring a major outage, data loss, or worse, a full-out cyberattack or major data breach at your company.

Ask your IT department not to install new software upgrades near the full moon of February 12. It would be best to do so earlier and to tighten all security measures to prevent a hack. Keep an eye on your social media account to make sure no one is trying to steal your identity (sign up for two-factor identification), and watch your bank account and credit cards for any unauthorized activity.

If you look at the signs involved with this full moon—Leo, Aquarius, and Taurus—all are fixed signs that don’t tend to be flexible nor are interested in negotiation. They stay firmly fixed to their position, the reason this problem would be a little harder than usual to untangle. You are a mutable (highly flexible) sign, so you may be able to come up with ideas that most cater to the other party’s main values—it might not be obvious. By not assuming anything, you may be able to work out this impasse.

I spoke about contractual matters earlier, and I would like to make the point that it would be fine to write the contract now, but plan the mutual signing in very late February.

The reason I say that is because Mars has been retrograde for what might seem like forever—since December 6, 2024—but will go direct on February 23. While no planet is completely rehabilitated the day it turns direct, finally going direct is an important first step, and you will see the pace of life become enormously better than what you have experienced for months.

After February 23, the date Mars moves direct, you will sense great energy around you to get things moving again. Mars is akin to the gas you put in your car, or the gas in the stove you use to cook your dinner. Without the fuel that Mars supplies, nothing much happens.

With Mars retrograde over the past weeks, you may have been puzzled to see projects and approvals take so long to finalize—with Mars retrograde, people were indecisive, unable to make simple choices. You had to supply the energy that Mars often sends to make up for the shortfall. (Mars only retrogrades every two years, so you probably don’t have a lot of experience with Mars retrograde.)

Mars will be fully back to robust form by May 2, but as said, each day after February 23 will bring noticeable improvement. Mars has been transiting your financial eighth house of other people’s money, so with Mars retrograding, you may have seen payments held up or funds you applied for tied up in red tape. All that is about to improve now as obstacles fall away.

Jupiter, your ruling planet, has also been retrograde since October 9, 2024, but he will go direct this month on February 4. This is fantastic news. Jupiter is in your partnership sector, which rules marriage in your personal life and serious, contractual collaborations with experts in your professional life. Both areas will improve quite a bit. Watch the time near February 4 to see if any special news reaches you.

This is a month that will keep on bringing news, but near month’s end, I feel it will be quite positive.

Another new moon, this time on February 27 in Pisces, 10 degrees, will come up. It will brilliantly illuminate your fourth house of home along with the many celestial bodies gathered there—this new moon, the Sun, Saturn, Mercury, and Neptune will all be in Pisces. Sagittarius has been prone to floods in the house due to the long-term presence of Neptune in your home sector, and Neptune was made stronger by gliding in Pisces. (Neptune is Pisces’ ruler). Neptune will take the lead at this new moon but will be in beautiful aspect to Saturn, suggesting you can come up with a plan for your home or a family member that you like so much you will keep it in place for a very long time.

Additionally, you have Mars in Cancer and your house of other people’s money about to send the new moon of February 27 his heartiest, warmest greeting. Mars, newly stronger for having gone direct days earlier on February 23, is planning to help you in a big way.

With so many planets in your fourth house of home, you might have already suffered damage and need to fix it now, but if not, you may simply feel ready to refresh the look and feel of your space. You might want to seek outside funds—such as a bank loan or mortgage—to get started. That is where Mars will come in. With the Red Planet in fine conversation with this new moon, Mars will help you find the money you need—be confident that you can do this.

SUMMARY

If you’ve been frustrated about the slow start to 2025 so far, there’s a reason for that. Mars, the planet that brings energy to everything he touches, has hung a “Gone Fishing” sign on his door since December 6 and has not been helpful to us down here on Earth. If you find it hard to get clients to decide on and approve of proposals for even simple projects, you can point to Mars retrograde. Mars will finally turn direct this month on February 23, after retrograding for more than 11 weeks.

Additionally, your ruler Jupiter, the great good fortune planet, has been retrograde since October 9, 2024, but will go forward this month on February 4. That will be a great relief—watch to see if something or someone important to you brings good news near or on February 4.

Also happening as the month opens, you may be preparing to sign vital paperwork. This comes due to the ultra-friendly new moon in Aquarius that appeared late last month on January 29. Jupiter in your partnership and marriage house will be smiling on this new moon and showering you with his gifts. If you didn’t get engaged or wed on your birthday or over the year-end holidays, you may do so in early February, perhaps while on a romantic trip.

You may want to travel again to a more distant point during the February 12 full moon in Leo—but it would be best to stay home. This full moon will be cranky and bring difficulties. This full moon in Leo will be in your distant travel house, and the Sun in Aquarius will be in your third house that rules trips closer to home. Unpredictable Uranus will be causing havoc regarding travel and possibly for legal matters and activities pertaining to publishing and broadcasting or academic matters as well. You will need to be home to take care of the unexpected news. It will be jarring, so keep your schedule light mid-month.

Your home or a family member will be a major focus at the new moon in Pisces on February 27. At that time you will have five planets in Pisces and your domestic sector. Among them will be Neptune, the planet that may have given you difficulty with water in your house (a leak, flood, tainted water, mold, snow on your roof, or other water-related problems). This new moon will bring up solid options. Pisces is a highly creative sign too, so if you have hoped to give your décor a refresh or total redesign, this new moon on February 27 will motivate you to look into your choices and start ordering new pieces, perhaps in early March.

If you need a major repair or want to do an entire renovation, you may have to find money to fund it, but with a friendly Mars in your financial eighth house in lovely angle to the planets in your home sector, you will be able to accomplish your dream. Your domestic sector, so lit up for you at this new moon, also rules your family, so you might be working on a plan to help one parent—that also could bring a need for a large sum, but if you look for money, it should be there for you. You seem determined and serious about the choices you are making because Saturn is among the heavenly bodies gathered in your home sector, and Saturn urges you to think long-term.

Pisces is also a sensitive and compassionate sign. Even if you have nothing pressing to work out on behalf of a parent, think about something nice you could do for your mother or father or for a person you think of as a parent. With so many planets in Pisces, that person would be so appreciative of your care and attention—and appreciation—of them.